well howdy there people its Bo again so
tonight we are going to talk about how
you personally can help create deep
systemic change within the United States
even if you can't be out in the streets
in order to do that we are going to talk
about diversity of tactics the actual
strategy of what we're hoping to
accomplish and the Overton Window right
now it seems like the only way to create
change is to be in the streets because
that's what's getting the most attention
that is what that's what the media is
focusing on but what's the goal here
what is the grand goal we want to end
certain things we want to get rid of
them we want them to not be acceptable
anymore
all right that's the goal the people in
the street the boots on the ground the
tip of the spear right they are
disrupting business people being out in
the street that's bad for business
when business gets impacted the
government notices because in the United
States business and government are
inextricably tied the government the
establishment wants to get back to the
status quo business as usual they want
to keep making money because of that
they're willing to make small
concessions when it comes to legislation
so it seems as though the people in the
street are achieving the most results
because they're getting these small
concessions and these small concessions
are important but it's not the whole
fight it's not the whole fight the Civil
Rights Act has been around a long time
but we still have these problems if a
legislation alone if politicians writing
something down on a piece of paper and
saying this is how it is now if that
actually changed society we wouldn't
have anybody in prison
it's it's a fiction it helps because it
helps guide things but it doesn't
actually change society you want to
change society you have to change fault
you have to change the way people think
you have to shift something called the
Overton Window the Overton Window is
short version it is the acceptable range
of political thought within a country at
any given time as viewed by the average
person that's the Overton Window there
was a time when owning another human
being was inside the Overton Window it's
not anymore
we have shifted it away from that that's
no longer acceptable thought what we
have to do is keep shifting it so being
the HR person who takes that resume
where the name really doesn't sound
white and puts it at the bottom of the
stack that's unacceptable that person
gets fired we have to change thought the
way people think about things all the
forms of covert racism that exist they
have to be moved outside the realm of
acceptable thought because right now
they're not right now they're on the
edge people excuse it well they're just
old oh they're from a rural area
well they grew up here well it was just
a joke no it's outside the realm of
acceptable fault if you're one of those
people who for whatever reason can't
make it and be there physically you're
probably more important than you think
because what are the reasons geography
right can't get to a major city there's
nobody around that thinks the way you do
you're in an industry you have a job
that would find that too controversial
you're in contact with the people that
have to be reached you're the you're
behind enemy lines
so don't fill because you can't be there
in person that you can't make a
difference you may be able to make more
of a difference than you might imagine
because the end goal is changing thought
the legislation is just a tool to help
do that so those small concessions from
government do they help yeah and some of
them would help a lot but it's not the
end goal it's not the end goal law is
what it is it doesn't actually change
society if it did nobody would be in
prison the government doesn't have as
much authority as people like to think
it does but you do because you can help
shift that acceptable thought your
social media account not the one you use
for your political stuff but your normal
one the one that all your friends and
family are on the one you don't talk
about this stuff on because you don't
want to hear what they have to say
that's the most important account to use
that's the one that you need to explain
what privilege is that's the one you
need to use to do that that's the one
where you need to talk about the need
why we need a police database that's
that's where it has to be done because
you can influence fault and maybe you
don't change anybody's mind but I'm
willing to bet wherever you are there's
somebody else who thinks just like you
who also thinks just like you in regards
to there's nobody around that thinks the
way I did sometimes when you're saying
something you're not doing it to change
somebody else's opinion you're doing it
to let other people know they're not
alone because then they'll reach out
somebody has to stand up first
you can do that and then you can use
your hobbies if you're an artist
think about those propaganda posters
during World War two
they helped move the window they helped
get everybody committed to a cause you
can do that make memes you know I know
that's funny to hear me say but on some
people it works diversity of tactics
anything you're doing to help shift to
that window is good okay it doesn't
matter if some seasoned boots on the
ground activist is like I you know
you're an Internet activist or whatever
yeah fine
whatever doesn't matter if you're
helping to move that window you're in
the fight
you don't need combat boots in a mask to
be involved in this campaign the goal
here the end goal is to change fought
you can do that even if you're limited
even if you can't get to these major
events you can help shift fault
sometimes
it's just you saying that hey this is
wrong you know when you see one of those
covert racist jokes call it out ask
people to explain it to you I have a
video on this ask them to explain why
it's funny and then watch them try to
try to weasel their way out of it
eventually you'll grow to like it I do
anyway when people talk about crime
rates and try to link them to skin tone
ask them directly are you saying that
being this skin tone makes you a
criminal makes you more likely to be a
criminal well no no no no no that's not
what I was saying because it's already
on the edge of political thought we got
to push it all the way out got to get it
out of the window completely that's how
we get that deep change
so don't feel like you can't be involved
you can you can also write letters to
the editor sign petitions call your
legislator or whatever all of the normal
stuff you can if you really want to help
with the street actions to things that
are important number one Bell funds
number two most of the people that are
there they're part of some of the
organization and a whole bunch of people
got together at that organization and
decided to go like there are a food
pantry okay they still have to keep
their normal operations up and running
so maybe your job finds it too
controversial for you to be on the
street but they probably be okay with
you working in a food pantry that frees
one of them up to be in the street there
are ways to do it and don't forget to
vote with your dollars you know reward
those companies that take a stand
penalize those that don't make it
unacceptable in every way every form of
covert racism it's unacceptable and act
as if it already is shift that window
because that's what's going to create
long-term change the legislation that's
relying on a government fiction that
says they have a lot more authority and
a lot more power than they really do in
many ways legislation is it's a
suggestion it's a suggestion you have to
change the way people think and if
you're one of those people who can't get
out in the streets odds are you are the
most important person when it comes to
changing fault because you're in direct
contact with those who are on the edge
of that window and they just need a
little shove to get those ideas
outside of the acceptable realm you can
do that you can do that more than I can
because people know my views and if they
don't like them they don't talk to me so
I have no ability to to reach in that
manner you do anyway go change the world
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night